README.md, before:

My posters and oral presentations, for all the conferences I attended.

<br/>

# RSC Twitter Poster Conference 2018, Twitter, World

Website: [here](http://blogs.rsc.org/rscpublishing/2017/12/14/rsc-twitter-poster-conference-2018/)

The poster conference happened on Twitter: [#RSCPoster](https://twitter.com/hashtag/RSCPoster?src=hash)

![2018 rsc twitter](posters/2018_rsc_twitter.png)

<br/>

# JMJC 2016, Nice, France

Website: [here](http://rjscfpacalr.wixsite.com/jmjc2016)

Just a poster for this conference, I reused the KISS poster:
[2016_msmlg_bath](posters/2016_msmlg_bath.jpg)

<br/>

# MSMLG 2016, Bath, United Kingdom

Flyer of the conference: [here](flyers/2016_msmlg_bath.pdf)

My poster for this conference (number 24):

![2016_msmlg_bath](posters/2016_msmlg_bath.jpg)

I also had a flash slot (10 min): [KISS (Keep It Simple,
Sensor)](presentations/2016_msmlg_bath.pdf)

<br/>

# JMJC 2015, Montpellier, France

Flyer of the conference: [here](flyers/2015_jmjc_montpellier.pdf)

No poster for this conference, but an oral presentation (10 min): [KISS
(Keep It Simple, Sensor)](presentations/2015_jmjc_montpellier.pdf)

<br/>

# MeMoSim 2015, Lyon, France

Website: [here](https://memosim2015.sciencesconf.org/)

Poster for the conference:

![2015_memosim_lyon](posters/2015_memosim_lyon.jpg)

<br/>

# Balard Chemistry Conferences 2014, La Grande Motte, France 

Flyer of the conference: [here](flyers/2014_balard_la_grande_motte.pdf)

Poster for the conference (yes, I used the same poster for MeMoSim...):

![2015_memosim_lyon](posters/2015_memosim_lyon.jpg)

<br/>

# JJC 2014, Montpellier, France

Flyer of the conference: [here](flyers/2014_jjc_montpellier.pdf)

Poster for the conference (I had just started my PhD...):

![2014_jjc_montpellier](posters/2014_jjc_montpellier.jpg)

Commit message:

Adding link for tweet for RSC conference.

README.md, after:

My posters and oral presentations, for all the conferences I attended.

<br/>

# RSC Twitter Poster Conference 2018, Twitter, World

Website: [here](http://blogs.rsc.org/rscpublishing/2017/12/14/rsc-twitter-poster-conference-2018/)

The poster conference happened on Twitter: [#RSCPoster](https://twitter.com/hashtag/RSCPoster?src=hash)

You can find my tweet for the competition
[here](https://twitter.com/hashtag/RSCPoster?src=hash) (50 retweets and 104
likes at the end of the competition !!! The most liked/retweeted poster in
the category #RSCorg)

![2018 rsc twitter](posters/2018_rsc_twitter.png)

<br/>

# JMJC 2016, Nice, France

Website: [here](http://rjscfpacalr.wixsite.com/jmjc2016)

Just a poster for this conference, I reused the KISS poster:
[2016_msmlg_bath](posters/2016_msmlg_bath.jpg)

<br/>

# MSMLG 2016, Bath, United Kingdom

Flyer of the conference: [here](flyers/2016_msmlg_bath.pdf)

My poster for this conference (number 24):

![2016_msmlg_bath](posters/2016_msmlg_bath.jpg)

I also had a flash slot (10 min): [KISS (Keep It Simple,
Sensor)](presentations/2016_msmlg_bath.pdf)

<br/>

# JMJC 2015, Montpellier, France

Flyer of the conference: [here](flyers/2015_jmjc_montpellier.pdf)

No poster for this conference, but an oral presentation (10 min): [KISS
(Keep It Simple, Sensor)](presentations/2015_jmjc_montpellier.pdf)

<br/>

# MeMoSim 2015, Lyon, France

Website: [here](https://memosim2015.sciencesconf.org/)

Poster for the conference:

![2015_memosim_lyon](posters/2015_memosim_lyon.jpg)

<br/>

# Balard Chemistry Conferences 2014, La Grande Motte, France 

Flyer of the conference: [here](flyers/2014_balard_la_grande_motte.pdf)

Poster for the conference (yes, I used the same poster for MeMoSim...):

![2015_memosim_lyon](posters/2015_memosim_lyon.jpg)

<br/>

# JJC 2014, Montpellier, France

Flyer of the conference: [here](flyers/2014_jjc_montpellier.pdf)

Poster for the conference (I had just started my PhD...):

![2014_jjc_montpellier](posters/2014_jjc_montpellier.jpg)
